Answer each question in a written format

1. What does semantic HTML mean?

    code you use in the page that contains metadata describing its purpose

2. What is the box model?

    while looking in the console you will notice a box model this is used when talking about the layout of your divs whether it
    be the content you are putting in it is margin, padding, border, etc.

3. What is the difference between IDs and Classes?

    Id is used as a #name while class uses .name in a css file, both are ways of defining a element on the page but id takes precedence
    over class and is more important. usually you would want to call id  for one thing while clasess can be used alot more.

4. What does the z-index do?

    z-index is a way you can apply conent to stack on eachother the more positive the number the higher on the stack they are and
    if the number is negative the more behind that content goes, when I used it, it typically only works with the position: absolute
    as another style in the class.

5. Summarize what the keyword 'this' is used for?

    outside of a function 'this' would be used to refer to the window while a 'this' in a function is whatever that value is equal to in
    the function its usually used to evaluate to a value that is being executed in a function.

6. What is a callback?

    A callback is passed as an argument from function to function which is later returned after something is done with it.

7. What is a closure?

    A closure gives you access to an outer function’s scope from an inner function. But the parent function cant look within the child function

8. How does prototype work?

    Objects created  wit the "new Object()" get a prototype method the way i know this personally works is using the constructor function
    setting the value to a parameter that is passed in.

9. What is MVC?

    Model view controller, which is a way you set up an app to make it into three components (MODEL, VIEW & CONTROLLER).

10. What is the component lifecycle?

    Code you can run at diffrent times in the process. "will" is called before something happens, "did" is called right after something

11. What is REST?

    It stands for representational state transfer but what that really is saying is that its a way for the api to get endpoints in a way
    that you can understand using CRUD operations.

12. Name three ways of getting data from the URL using express

    (1.req.params,2. req.query,3. req.body)

    create table users (
    id serial,
    name varchar(255),
    email varchar(255)
    )

12. Given the Schema above, write the following four basic CRUD db queries using postgres syntax

-Get all users:

   SELECT * FROM users;

-Create a new user with the name of 'your name' and an email of 'fake@fake.com':

   INSERT INTO users(name,email) VALUES('your name','fake@fake.com');

-Update the newly created user's name to 'Bobby Boy':

   UPDATE users SET name = 'Bobby Boy' WHERE name = 'your name';

-Delete the newly updated user:

   DELETE FROM users where name = 'Bobby Boy';
